Chocolate Earl Grey Pots de Creme Recipe

Ingredients

For the puddings:

2 cups cream

120 grams dark chocolate, chopped

Maecenas odio dolor, vulputate vel, auctor ac, accumsan id, felis. Pellentesque cursus sagittis felis. Pellen-

tesque

2 bags of earl grey tea

6 egg yolks

3 Tablespoons of sugar

For the Cointreau cream:

1/2 cup whipping cream

2 Tablespoons powdered sugar Maecenas odio dolor, vulputate vel, auctor ac, accumsan id, felis. Pellen-
tesque cursus sagittis felis. Pellentesque

2-3 Teaspoons cointreau

How to make Chocolate Earl Grey Pots de Creme

Pots de Creme is a thick and rich pudding that's baked and served chilled. This one uses earl gray tea in
addition to chocolate to give it a more fragrant touch. | served it with a Cointreau (an orange-flavored liqueur)
whipped cream.

Preheat your oven to 325 Fahrenheit with a rack in the center.

Heat cream in a pan over medium with the tea bags fully submerged until the cream is almost simmering.
Try to keep them moving, so the tea can infuse the cream. Press and remove the tea bags before adding the
chocolate and stirring until fully blended.

Mix your yolks with the sugar until smooth, then add your hot cream mixture gradually, whisking together.
Set your ramkins or mugs onto a baking pan. Distribute the pudding evenly and then add hot water to the pan
until it comes about halfway up the pudding dishes.

Bake for about 25 minutes, or until the top and edges set.

Let cool and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before adding the whipped cream, any desired garnish and
serving.

euismod. Donec nulla augue, venenatis scelerisque, dapibus a, consequat at, leo. Pellentesque libero
lectus, tristique ac, consectetuer sit amet, imperdiet ut, justo. Sed aliquam odio vitae tortor. Proin hendrerit
tempus arcu. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Suspendisse potenti. Vivamus vitae massa adipiscing est
lacinia sodales. Donec

This recipe makes about 6 3/4 cup ramkins or 3-4 mugs.

0.1 Chocolate Earl Grey Pots de Creme Recipe

Preheat your oven to 325 Fahrenheit with a rack in the center.

Heat cream in a pan over medium with the tea bags fully submerged until the cream is almost simmering.
Try to keep them moving, so the tea can infuse the cream. Press and remove the tea bags before adding the
chocolate and stirring until fully blended.

pretium mi euismod erat. Maecenas id augue. Nam vulputate. Duis a quam non neque lobortis malesuada.
Praesent euismod. Donec nulla augue, venenatis scelerisque, dapibus a, consequat at, leo. Pellentesque libero
lectus, tristique ac, consectetuer sit amet, imperdiet ut, justo. Mix your yolks with the sugar until smooth, then
add your hot cream mixture gradually, whisking together. Set your ramkins or mugs onto a baking pan. Dis-
tribute the pudding evenly and then add hot water to the pan until it comes about halfway up the pudding
dishes. Sed aliquam odio vitae tortor. Proin hendrerit tempus arcu. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Sus-
pendisse potenti. Vivamus vitae massa adipiscing est

Mix your yolks with the sugar until smooth, then add your hot cream mixture gradually, whisking together.
Set your ramkins or mugs onto a baking pan. Distribute the pudding evenly and then add hot water to the pan

until it comes about halfway up the pudding dishes.