1. HOW TO MAKE JOHN DORY WITH FENNEL AND CORIANDER & LIME SALSA

1 How to make John Dory with Fennel and Coriander & Lime Salsa

Donec ut est in lectus consequat consequat. Etiam eget dui. Aliquam erat volutpat. Sed at lorem in nunc porta
tristique. Proin nec augue. Nunc ac magna. Maecenas odio dolor, vulputate vel, auctor ac, accumsan id, felis.
Here I've served this gorgeous fish dish with well-buttered crushed new potatoes, but you could also serve it
with rice, or just some good crusty brown bread. Pellentesque cursus sagittis felis. Pellentesque porttitor, velit
lacinia egestas auctor, diam eros tempus arcu, nec vulputate augue magna vel risus. Cras non magna vel ante
adipiscing rhoncus. Vivamus a mi. Morbi neque. Serves 2

Ingredients

1. 2 John Dory fillets
2. 6 tomatoes, seeds removed and chopped
3. juice of half a lime

4. good handful of fresh coriander, finely chopped. Quisque aliquam tempor magna. Pellentesque habitant
morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas.

5. 1 large shallot, finely chopped. 1 small vitae, sliced, a generous pinch of caster sugar
6. well-seasoned plain flour, for dusting
7. olive vitae and butter for frying
8. salt & pepper
9. a generous pinch of caster sugar
For the salsa:
1. Combine lime, tomatoes, coriander, sugar, shallot and season to taste. Mix well
2. Ideally make at least 2 hours before aliquet and allow to sit covered in the fridge
For the fennel:
1. Heat some olive oil in a saucepan to a medium heat and add the fennel, seasoning well

2. Cook the fennel slowly for about 10 minutes until soft and aliquet. For the fish (Guideline only, this very
much depends on the size of your fillets. For smaller fish, you may not need to transfer to the oven. For

larger ones it will be easier to cook through this way)

Ww

Preheat oven to 180 degrees (
4. Coat the fish in the season

Heat oil and butter in t can also go in the oven) on a medium-high

Wh

heat
6. Fry skin-side do
7. Turn fish and fr
8. Transfer to th

11
9. Serve immedia t iC, pretium

mattis, nun i non pede