I. EASY AND PRETTY HEALTHY GROUND TURKEY OVER RICE RECIPE

1 Easy and pretty healthy ground turkey over rice Recipe

1.1 Easy and pretty healthy ground turkey over rice Recipe

How to make Easy and pretty healthy ground turkey over rice

This is something I make when I am lazy and looking for a quick and simple meal. I only call
it healthy because it has lots of veggies and I am not adding additional salt or oils. The amount of
veggies helps you feel full without all of the calories. Veggies are 0 points for weight watchers so you
would only have to count the calories/fat from the meat and rice. In my case, the whole meal was
under 5 points. heat up pan (use oil if you do not have a non stick) + cook the meat add soy sauce
+ rice wine + water + cumin add all of the chopped up veggies (your choice to add all green onions,
half or none) simmer until everything is cooked thoroughly add on top of rice and sprinkle uncooked
green onions on top

Ingredients

I. | basically added what | had left over in the fridge ) please feel free to change it up and add

more of less of whatever vou want!
+. the below what was in the pictured product
ground turkey or pork (1b)

cHantro (halt of the bundle)

5. red mild chili pepper

O mon (halt, chopped)

7. green pepper {whole, chopped bh i an heula posuere velit Nuns Zit { abitur
vanus tnngilla nisl. Duis pretium mi eutsmod erat. Maecenas id augue. Nam vulputate. D
quam non neque lobortis malesuada. Pracsent

8. mushrooms (about 12 chopped) 1aculis, Quisque ornare placerat ris Ut molestie magna
mi. Integer aliquet mauris et nibh. Ut mattis ligula posuere velit. Nunc sagi neque
malesuada. Praesent euismod. Donec la augue, venenatis

9 sauce (enough

0. 1/2 cup of water

11. nice wine (1/2 the amount of soysauce) nibh. Ut matt 1Igula posuere ve Nunc sagittis r=
abitur varius fringilla nisl. Duis pretium mi euismod erat. Maecenas id augue. Nam vulputate
Duis a quam non neque lobortis malesuada. Praese

12. pepper (salt if you'd like tod

3. sprinkle of cumin (optional)

14 green onions C opped save [or ater)

>. egg (optional)

16. additional ingredients that [ have added ¢ past th

garlic
18. spinach (chopped

9. shiitake mushi