Chocolate Earl Grey pots de Creme Recipe

Ingredients

For the puddings:

2 cups cream

120 grams dark chocolate, chopped

Maecenas odio dolor, vulputate vel, auctor ac, a
tesque

2 bags of earl grey tea

6 egg yolks

3 Tablespoons of sugar

For the Cointreau cream:

cup whipping cream : : ;

he Le sugar Maecenas odio dolor, vulputate vel, auctor ac, accumsan id, felis. Pellen
tesque cursus sagittis felis. pellentesque

2-3 Teaspoons cointreau

How to make Chocolate Earl Grey pots de Creme :

Pots de Creme is a thick and rich pudding that's baked and served chilled. This one uses earl gray tea in
addition to chocolate to give ita more fragrant touch. | served it with a Cointreau (an orange-flavored liqueur)
whipped cream.

Preheat your oven to 325 Fahrenheit with a rack in the center.

Heat cream in a pan over medium with the tea bags fully submerged until the cream is almost simmering.
Try to keep them moving, so the tea can infuse the cream. Press and remove the tea bags before adding the
chocolate and stirring until fully blended.

Mix your yolks with the sugar until smooth, then add your hot cream mixture gradually, whisking together.

Set your ramkins or mugs onto a baking pan. Distribute the pudding evenly and then add hot water to the pan
until it comes about halfway up the pudding dishes.

Bake for about 25 minutes, of until the top and edges set.

Let cool and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before adding the whipped cream,
serving.

ccumsan id, felis. Pellentesque cursus sagittis felis. Pellen-

any desired garnish and

euismod. Donec nulla augue, venenatis scelerisque, dapibus a,
lectus, tristique ac, consectetuer sit amet, imperdiet ut, justo. Seda
tempus arcu. In hac habitasse platea
lacinia sodales. Donec

This recipe makes about 6 3/4 cup ramkins or 3-4 mugs.

consequat at, leo. Pellentesque libero
liguam odio vitae tortor. Proin hendrerit
dictumst. Suspendisse potenti. Vivamus vitae massa adipiscing est

0.1 Chocolate Earl Grey Pots de Creme Recipe

Preheat your oven to 325 Fahrenheit with a rack in the center.

Heat cream in a pan over medium with the tea bags fully submerged until the cream is almost simmerin
ry to keep them moving, so the tea can infuse the cream. Press and remove the tea bags bef ddi .

chocolate and stirring until fully blended. : Bes

pretium mi euismod erat. Maecenas id augue. Nam vulpu

lectus, tristique ac, consectetuer sitamet im i j
> : ,imperdiet ut, justo. Mix your yolks with the i
. . . 2
Nae eel mixture gradually, whisking together. Set your ramkins or mugs noid a go
e the pudding evenly and then add hot water to the pan until it comes about halfway : 5 ps
p the pudding

dishes. Sed aliquam odio vitae tort i
or. Proin hendrerit tempus arcu i
pendisse potenti. Vivamus vitae massa adipiscing est ; EimshER EE EE

Mix you lks wi i 2 get er
your Yo with the sugar until smooth, then add your hot cream mixture gradually, whiskin to h
’ .

Set your ramkins or mugs onto a bakin istri
yo g pan. Distribute the i
until it comes about halfway up the pudding dishes i