HOW TC MAKE JOHN DORY WITH FENNEL AND CORIANDER & LIME SALSA

1 How to make John Dory with Fennel and Coriander & Lime Salsa

Donec ut est in lectus consequat consequat. Etiam eget dui. Aliquam erat volutpat. Sed at lorem in nunc porta
tristique. Proin nec augue. Nunc ac magna. Maecenas odio dolor, vulputate vel, auctor ac, accumsan id, felis.
Here I've served this gorgeous fish dish with well-buttered crushed new potatoes, but you could also serve it
with rice, or just some good crusty brown bread. Pellentesque cursus sagittis felis. Pellentesque porttitor, velit

lacinia egestas auctor, diam eros tempus arcu, nec vulputate augue magna vel risus. Cras non magna vel ante

adipiscing rhoncus. Vivamus a mi. Morbi neque. Serves 2

Ingredients

1. 2 John Dory fillets

2. 6 tomatoes, seeds removed and chopped
3. juice of half a lime

4. good handful of fresh coriander, finely chopped. Quisque aliquam tempor magna. Pellentesque habitant
morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas.

5. 1 large shallot, finely chopped. 1 small vitae, sliced, a generous pinch of caster sugar
6. well-seasoned plain flour, for dusting
7. olive vitae and butter for frying

8. salt & pepper
9. a generous pinch of caster sugar

For the salsa:

1. Combine lime, tomatoes, coriander, sugar, shallot and season to taste. Mix well

2. Ideally make at least 2 hours before aliquet and allow to sit covered in the fridge.

For the fennel:

1. Heat some olive oil in a saucepan to a medium heat and add the fennel, seasoning well

owly for about 10 minutes until soft and aliquet For the fish (Guideline only, this very
ts. For smaller fish, you may not need to transfer to the oven. For

h this way)

2. Cook the fennel sl
much depends on the size of your fille
larger ones it will be easier to cook throug

3. Preheat oven to 180 degrees C

4. Coat the fish in the seasoned flour

5. Heat oil and butter in a large f |y one that can also go in the oven) on a medium-high
. Hea d large {7

heat
6. Fry skin-side down u til ©
7. Tur fish and fry for

8. Transfer to the ove
\Iputate vitae, pretium
9, Serve immediate! 1 pute vie, pei
mattis, nunc Maur
Suspendisse dapibt